hey Ron we're at CES 2020 at the Lian Li
suite now where my nemesis Roman aka
dere Bower has once again had his hand
involved and some of the case designs at
the show here we talk about the O 11
mini so there's a new version of the o
11 dynamic that's smaller it is
interesting because a semi modular so it
supports three different well the three
main motherboard form factors so we'll
cover that the UNIFEM that was shown off
in one of the shows we did last year
that actually had a lot of interest from
viewers it's just a prototype at the fit
at the time but now there's actually it
looks like a go-to-market prototype that
we'll be talking about and then there's
a land cool to revisit with mesh that I
think our viewers will also find very
interesting so that's what we're
covering at the Lian Li suite today
before that this video is brought to you
by the gigabyte X 299 X des ignore a
high-end motherboard thinking about X
299 X des ignore a runs Intel's X 299
chipset for a TD T CPUs but this board
stands out most for its properly fend of
erm heat sinks and cooling solution and
its focus on networking with dual 10
Gigabit Ethernet alongside Wi-Fi 6 802
11 a exa 4 learn more at the link in the
description below alright so for the ol
11 dynamic mini we'll start here the
three cases on the table it's all the
dynamic mini except they are configured
differently so ATX micro ATX mini ITX
and the part where Roman comes in the
I'm pretty sure the only thing he
contributed to this case was putting his
logo on it no I think of Roman everyone
were here he'd he'd probably take issue
with what I just said but basically the
hahaha the logo cut out at the front
here instead of just being a stamp it's
got the two names for solely Emily shows
up there Bower shows up and then there's
also a temperature readout now
functionally doesn't do a whole lot
other than allowing them to split
royalties between each other
no but the temperature readouts not bad
it's kind of interesting this is one of
those small case changes where we've
kind of talked about this at the show a
lot recently but companies are trying to
find ways to differentiate themselves
with cases and a lot of time that leans
more into making a gimmick than not so
one of the things I do like about this
setup is that there's a thermocouple
attached that can give you case ambient
temperature we've done case ambient
temper
readings before in our case reviews and
I can tell you from experience as Lee
Emily also knows where you move the
probe will massively impact the
temperature so how useful is it for the
average user maybe not so much but this
is one of the kind of the smaller case
features that I do like to see because
that's more than just doing more LEDs so
there's potential for functionality
there if you really position it
carefully and you fix the position for
the thermocouple you can actually do
some comparative numbers for your case
ambient which typically in our
experience is more useful for figuring
out the ramp up ramp down times for
temperature because when you're dealing
with completing a load and exhausting
all the heat you'll have a longer ramp
down period for smaller cases so it
could be kind of useful for that
otherwise it's just sort of a neat
feature that changes the case without
being too much of a gimmick like a lot
of the other cases we've seen lately are
so that was kind of cool just it's a
thermocouple it's included you position
it where you want and that's more or
less the end of the story for that for
the configurations so like I said this
one's the most showy one there's an ITX
one we can show it to but this one is
configured with ATX to get ATX or micro
ATX support there is a separate piece of
metal here that extends the motherboard
tray so that they have the mounting
space for it without having to just do a
completely new motherboard tray for the
rear of the case that's all modular
you'll get all the pieces in the box so
you can set it up how you want I don't
know yet what the stock configuration
will be but it doesn't matter too much
because he just changed it if you want
to so for micro and ATX you add on the
plate kind of back there where the 24
pin is on this build and then for many
you don't need it there you get
additional grommets and cable routing
holes instead for configuration and
support as would be expected the larger
the motherboard the more you lose
support on other items in the case like
cooling solution so for the total
configurations sizing it's about 37
liters roughly more or less so it is a
definitely a large ITX case it's for
sure on the high end you get much
smaller ITX cases if you want to but I
suppose the point of this is that it
gives you some water cooling options but
also the the 11 dynamic name that I
think at this point has earned the
respect it has in the market and that's
more or less what they're targeting so
it's not trying to be the smallest idea
for support the mini version will
support up to 3 to 80s it can the micro
can do a 280 on the top 240 on the side
on the bottom the ATX version is a 240
si or 240 on the this maybe on the side
there's no top radiator support because
it's increasing the motherboard height
so that's a limitation but you can still
get the fans up there as I've seen in
this build and then for pricing it's
looking like 90 to 100 dollars not 100%
confirmed yet but that's what it's
supposed to be and no fans included
stock so which is kind of a standard
Lian Li thin you can choose your own
fans I think I've mostly covered these
the like I said it's not the smallest
ITX case you could do but you can do a
lot in it like this liquid cooling setup
and otherwise it's it's more or less 11
dynamic look and feel just with some
modularity added to it so let's see I
think I did I got all this stuff let's
let's move on to the land cool to mash
ok so next to land cool to mesh this
one's interesting we just reviewed the
land cool too
not long ago as bit more closed off on
the front for sure one of the things
that we were talking about with it was
thermals were mm average to below
average sometimes so if you liked the
look cool you can compensate for it with
higher airflow fans higher rpm fans
liquid cooling whatever there's a lot of
ways to compensate but if you prefer
more of a performance focus this should
solve some of those concerns and the
obvious way is by punching a bunch of
holes in the the panel for the front and
for the sides both sides actually to the
extent that the case is probably more
whole than metal at this point which is
good we like to see that one interesting
thing for making this maybe we can show
this in a future factory tour but we
visited lyon these factories in the past
we went to one in taiwan and we've got a
video up on that if you're interested in
it but the way to make this specific
type of paneling is i guess they get the
raw material supply the metal and then
there's a wheel or that's a rolling
wheel that's got a bunch of spikes on it
and they roll through it and punch all
the holes so pretty cool that we can
maybe show that in a future factory tour
it all it works the same way as the land
cool - I shouldn't note the LEDs here
are not stock
so you would have to add those if you
wanted to add them for some changes that
are not shown in this prototype it's not
complete yet but some of the changes
they're talking about doing in addition
to the mesh front the mesh sides is also
making this
I don't really know it's not really mesh
but the punched hole top of the power
supply shroud potential to making the
fan mounts removable plates so if you
wanted to occupy it with a fan you take
the plate in the metal out if you don't
want the fan in there you can leave it
in there but then just let the GPU graph
whatever passive air can pull out of
there
but pulling the plates out will
obviously remove one more object of
impedance for airflow and that would be
a potential flow benefit for fans if you
did power supply mounted fans where in
this instance now that there's so many
holes on the side they should be able to
pull a bit through bit of air through
the side and up through there into the
GPO we can test all that though once we
get one in other changes the I think we
have shots of all this oh we also have
some renders from Lea Emily to show for
the change potential but for another one
that was under discussion the holes in
the top and in the back of the case it
looks like we'll be moving to a
honeycomb design so this is something
where after doing more thermal testing
leanly as discovered that honeycomb
pattern performs better for them for
thermal performance then then this
pattern you see here so this will
probably change for the final version
and that's a result for more thermal
testing which is great love to see
companies actually trying their products
in different configurations because
you'd be shocked how many don't and we
get it and we do the first testing on it
so that's that's also good improvement
pathway for Lian Lian this case
additional items I've got a couple notes
here so one of the change is not shown
on this version of the case the preached
the pre-production version is that the
top here on the left side the power
button should be changing over to a fan
control so it'll have probably four
positions and it's PWM fans included so
you've got four pin with a tach
obviously on the fourth and the fourth
position should be PWM so it slaves to
the motherboard and then the first three
will be different
different fan rpms they're looking at
doing probably 800 to 1500 rpm not 100%
certain on that yet
sounds like black and white fans no RGB
so you're not wasting money on that as a
consumer if you want to buy your own you
can obviously know LED is stock for the
case if you wanted LED control you can
wire it to the reset button and
sacrifice reset button for that which
Patrick and I are case reviewer we
prefer that solution because then
there's no software involved and let's
see for pricing this is where probably
most people are going to be interested
it looks like it should stick to about
$90 and for the fans included it's
probably gonna be three one 20s might be
three one 40s depends on final testing
about three fans included two front one
back let's say I think that that covers
this one so that's the land coals you
match and now the land cool three one
five here so the 315 it's got two
versions there's a glass and a mesh
version the mesh is the one next to me
there's a glass one as well just
tempered glass on the front pretty
straightforward standard stuff for the
the most interesting element is going to
be actually really obvious I'm you can
you see me okay andrew is this a good
shot for you is it am i showing up
there's a removable tray here with the
item of note I guess is it removes with
the radiator in place we've seen
removable trays before they're not too
common in cases but we've got b-roll
shots you just grab the handle pull it
out push it back in this is another one
of those things in cases where is it a
daily useful thing for the buyer of the
case well no probably not but it's cool
and it's different and to do something
cool and different in a case that's not
just more LEDs that's something I look
for but that's that's the main feature
of the three one five is the removable
tray for board you can build the whole
thing out of the case for the most part
including mounting the radiator and
that's the the main difference for that
one for pricing it's targeted at $80 and
it looks like there might be one fan in
the back but not fully finalized on that
stuff and I think now we can move to the
UNIFEM which at the I think was at
Computex 118 actually showed those and
they were prototypes Leanne Lee wasn't
even sure
come the market but now it sounds like
it's gonna happen so we'll check that
out next alright so here's the UNIFEM
again shred prototype PVC this one so it
sockets all together it's got a really
good click to it now Lee only needs to
do some connection cycle testing on the
pins so it's pin to pad contacts the
whole idea is that you socket the fans
together instead of well instead of not
doing that and you end up with a bunch
of extra cables so this way you end up
with one cable run at the end it's
obviously gonna be in the amperage
limitation to putting on the the wire
gauge and the current of the fans and
all that stuff they've tested it up to
six I don't really know that it's
supposed to support more than that but
test it up to six fans connected
daisy-chained and it's six pins and pads
between each one and then for those the
cables that run off there's a four pin
vom for the fan so a PWM currently is
going into a controller just for this
testing setup and then for the LEDs
you've got a separate cable run for that
as well
so one of the I guess as everyone knows
LEDs aren't really our focus but there's
still some cool stuff going on this
meteor effect we've got I think some
b-roll of it I'm not gonna try and do
this alive because I'll cut my fingers
off since I'm holding a mic but if you
disconnect and add fans to it it'll do
the meteor scroll in while you're adding
again is that particularly useful not
gonna be disconnecting fans while you
build no but the real point of it is to
show that if you daisy chain a bunch of
fans together they're still they've got
the the interaction where you get a
bunch of them in a line and they can
they can follow a pattern right so if
that's your thing
cool one of the other set all these fans
to the meteor effect and it would
actually scroll outward that way as well
and to the other fans but yeah so that's
the UNIFEM the whole point is just quick
disconnect daisy chain fans pretty
straightforward stuff I don't know the
amperage I did ask what the current was
well to get back on that RPM max looks
like about 1800 years will cause
reminders about 10% for that off the top
and then availability probably in April
and then for pricing it should be 70 or
$80 for set of three and a check keep an
eye out for that in April so one of the
things we all mentioned just really
quickly there's a new version of the
streamer cable streamer Plus and we
didn't cover the original too much we
showed it back at some one of the
Computex events but i this is you know
it's a hundred percent on the looks side
of things if you
LEDs and you want them in your cables
then Leon Lee's got that it is expensive
though $60 for 24-pin and then $40 for
the 2 by 8 and connectors for those
anyway that's the endless suite at CES
2024 things that our takeaway is the GN
take aways will be to look at the land
call to mesh obviously the lent the Leon
the 11 Mini is also really interesting
to me because of support ATX so we could
still do some thermal testing on that
but I'm most interested in the land cool
too because it's it's made some really
good changes I'm excited to hopefully
try out and we'll see how they do in
thermal testing but that's it for this
one subscribe for more as always go to
store documents access net that helps
out directly and keep an eye out because
I'm supposed to be joined by dare bower
later in the show so I'll make sure to
let him know that that I think he's just
a big diva so you can check back for
that I think we're meeting him mid show
on the middle of the show floor too
thanks for watching I'll see you all
next time
[Music]